Document how to configure Moorhuhn (#95)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/services/minigames/configuring-moorhuhn.md

The file follows the format of [Java properties](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/17/docs/api//java.base/java/util/Properties.html).  
Currently, the following things can be configured:
  - `ingame.playtime` (in seconds, default `50`): Duration for which the user can play the game

>   - `REST.saveRound` (REST POST request): path for saveing data of one round
>   - `REST.getQuestions` (REST GET request): path for getting all questions that refer to a configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `REST.saveRound` (default `api/v1/minigames/moorhuhn/results`): backend path where to save data of one round
  - `REST.getQuestions` (default `api/v1/minigames/moorhuhn/configurations/{id}/questions`): backend path for retrieving all questions for a run
```
